Reorg part1 redirect tutorials (#793)
solid/solidproject.org: _posts/developers/apps/vocabularies/2019-01-01-12_extended-creation.md

## Refining properties

We initially defined our properties as [rdf:Property](http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#Property). However, we can see in the graphical representation that there are two different kind of properties:

- the ones that connect a bubble to another,

> - the one that connects a bubble to a literal value (i.e. a string, a number, a date, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the one that connects a bubble to a literal value (i.e., a string, a number, a date, etc).
```

### Adding multilingual support

> So far all our labels and comments are written in English, yet there is no explicit indication of that in the vocabulary. To do so, RDF uses the concept of **language tag**: after a string, you can add a tag (e.g. `@en` for English, or `@es` for Spanish) to stipulate its language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far all our labels and comments are written in English, yet there is no explicit indication of that in the vocabulary. To address this, RDF uses the concept of **language tags**: after a string, you can add a tag (e.g., `@en` for English, or `@es` for Spanish) to stipulate its language.
```
